# Local Search
## Greedy Local Search
Drawbacks:
- Local Maxima: stuck on local maximas
- Ridges: sequence of local maxima that not linked to each other.
- Plateaux(高原): A flat area of the state-space landscape. It can be a local Maxima or a *shoulder* that progress is possible.

Sideway Move: whether allow the algorithm to continue on Plateaux situation. Can possiblly cause infinite loop, so need to deside the maxinum number of sideway moves allowed.


### Hill-climbing search
Go to the neighbour that maximize the heuristics
-  Stochastic Hill-climbing search
Choose randomly from among the uphill moves, the probability related to the steepness of the uphill.
- First-choice hill climbing
	- Generating successors randomly (not necessarily uphill successor), until a first uphill successor is generated.
- Random-Restart Hill Climbing
	- Run hill-climbing search n times with randomly selected initial state, (until a goal is found).
	- If each hill-climbing search has a probability $p$ of success, then the expected number of restarts required is $1/p$.
	- For 8-queens, $p\approx 0.14$, so we'll need an average 7 iterations to find a goal.


## Simulated Annealing(退火?)
Always accept an uphill move
Accepts downhill move with a probability based on how bad the move is.
- The probability decrease **exponentially** with the badness of the move
- The probability also decrease as T, the temperature, goes down.

## Local Beam Search
(Adaptation of beam search, a path-based algorithm)
Keeps track of k states rather than just one.
- Begins with k randomly generated states (initial state)
- At each step, all successors of all k states are generated, among all of them, selects the top k best successors and continue until a goal is found

Different from Random-Restart Hill-Climbing Search. (page 126)
If one state generate more valueable successors, then the most portion of k will tends to keep working on that state (moves resources to where the most progress is being made), whereas in RRUS, each restart is independent of each other.

#### Stochastic Local Beam Search
Among all the successors of k states, chose k successors with probability related to the value of each successor.

## Genetic Algorithms
Variant of stochastic beam search, that successor states are generated by combining two parent states .
????????????????????????????????????????????????????